Notes on command line arguments:

Mode - must be the first character of the first argument. Leading '-'
is ignored:

  e/x       - Extract
  l/v       - List (normal / verbose mode)
  t         - Test CRC
  p         - Print files to STDOUT

Options - flags following the mode character. Options are accepted
even if they are inappropriate for the mode, eg. "lha lf".

  q[level]  - Quiet mode. Normal running is quiet level 0.

              in list mode, quiet level 2 strips header/footer from
              listing.

              in extract mode, overwrite is always performed, and:
              - at quiet level 1, the 'progress bar' is not shown.
              - at quiet level 2, no messages are printed at all.

              in test mode, behavior is similar to extract mode, but
              level 2 behavior is similar to level 0.

              in print mode, at quiet level 2 the filename is not
              printed before the file contents.

              all quiet modes imply 'f', disabling overwrite without
              confirmation.

  f         - Force overwrite. When extracting, existing files are
              overwritten with no confirmation.

  n         - Don't execute commands, just do a dry run of what would
              be done.

              eg. for lha en:

                      EXTRACT lhasa/src/ (directory)
                      EXTRACT lhasa/src/extract.c
                      EXTRACT lhasa/src/extract.c but file is exist.

              eg. for lha tn:

                      VERIFY lhasa/src/main.c

  i         - Ignore directory path. When extracting, the directory
              of each file is ignored - they are all extracted into
              the same directory.

              Also applies to test mode - the output filename of the
              tested file does not include the directory.

              In print mode, the path is not printed in the header
              before each file.

  v         - Verbose mode, prints extra information.

              in list mode, verbose mode splits the filename onto a
              separate preceding line and the header level is shown
              in its normal place.

              in extract mode, verbose mode prints a message when
              creating a directory. If creating missing parent directories,
              they are printed in reverse order, eg.

                      Making directory "lhasa/src".
                      Making directory "lhasa".
                      lhasa/src/main.c        - Melted   :  o

  w=dir     - Specify destination directory to extract files. Must be
              the last option specified. '=' can be omitted. If combined
              with 'i', all files get placed in that one directory.
